Source Quickbooks: migrate to low-code (#24324)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/quickbooks.md

# QuickBooks

This page contains the setup guide and reference information for the QuickBooks Source connector.

## Prerequisites

> - Account at [Intuit Developer account](https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/qbo/docs/get-started)

Reviewer: I don't think this is correct. A Cloud user only needs an Intuit Quickbooks account. This should only be relevant for OSS setup.

Reviewer 2: Good catch, thanks! Fixed

> - Start date

Reviewer: this shouldn't be in the pre-requisites section. Only things which need upfront preparation should be here e.g: if I need to go obtain an API key _before_ I start setting up the connector.

Reviewer 2: fixed

- Realm ID

> - User Agent

Reviewer: Can't we retrieve this on behalf of the user? Or fill it in for them e.g: `airbyte-connector`?

Reviewer 2: that's a good call -- done

**For Airbyte Open Source:**

- OAuth2.0 credentials (see [OAuth 2.0 playground](https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/qbo/docs/develop/authentication-and-authorization/oauth-2.0-playground))
<!-- /env:oss -->

## Setup guide

### Step 1: Set up QuickBooks

Create a [Intuit Developer account](https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/qbo/docs/get-started)

<!-- env:oss -->
**Airbyte Open Source additional setup steps**

1. Create an application
2. Obtain credentials. The easiest way to get these credentials is by using Quickbook's [OAuth 2.0 playground](https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/qbo/docs/develop/authentication-and-authorization/oauth-2.0-playground)

<!-- /env:oss -->

<!-- env:cloud -->
### Step 2: Set up the QuickBooks connector in Airbyte

**For Airbyte Cloud:**

1. [Log into your Airbyte Cloud](https://cloud.airbyte.com/workspaces) account.
2. In the left navigation bar, click **Sources**. In the top-right corner, click **+ new source**.
3. On the source setup page, select **QuickBooks** from the Source type dropdown and enter a name for this connector.
4. Click `Authenticate your QuickBooks account`
5. Log in and Authorize to the QuickBooks account.

> 6. **Start date** - The date from which you'd like to replicate data for streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Start date** - The date starting from which you'd like to replicate data.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

> 7. **Realm ID** - The Labeled Company ID you'd like to replicate data for streams.

Reviewer: where do I get this realm ID? Can we get it on behalf of the user?

Reviewer 2: The doc states we can retrieve the realm ID along with the code from the OAuth response (first one).
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7703835/230879937-d7fed1c0-5f92-4480-9c94-a969c2d7b0bc.png)

I'll try implementing this approach but it looks like we have never done this before

Reviewer: Doesn't this mean we can retrieve it on behalf of the user during the oauth flow? (And therefore this field should be hidden in the UI in cloud)?

Reviewer 2: Done https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte-platform-internal/pull/5743

8. **User Agent** - Process and email for API logging purposes.
10. **Sandbox** - Turn on if you're going to replicate the data from the sandbox environment.
11. Click **Set up source**.

<!-- /env:cloud -->

<!-- env:oss -->
**For Airbyte Open Source:**

1. **Client ID** - The OAuth2.0 application ID
2. **Client Secret** - The OAuth2.0 application secret
3. **Refresh Token** - Refresh token used to get new access token every time the current one is expired

> 4. **Access Token** - Access token to perform authenticated API calls with

Reviewer: Please prefix optional inputs with `(Optional)` otherwise this is overwhelming for the user to read

Reviewer 2: These fields are not optional, this [PR](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/20923) tells why

- [VendorCredits](https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/qbo/docs/api/accounting/all-entities/vendorcredit)
- [Vendors](https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/qbo/docs/api/accounting/all-entities/vendor)

> ### Data type mapping

Reviewer 3: Is this no longer useful?

Reviewer 2: Overlooked it. Now reverted, thanks!
